HSEARCH-4574 Explicit binding of constructor parameters for @ProjectionConstructor (#3503)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/mapping-projection.asciidoc

<1> Annotate the record type with `@ProjectionConstructor`,
either at the type level (if there's only one constructor)
or at the constructor level (if there are multiple constructors).
<2> To project on the entity identifier, annotate the relevant constructor parameter with <<search-dsl-projection-id-mapping,`@IdProjection`>>.
+
Most projections have a corresponding annotation that can be used on constructor parameters.
<3> To project on a value field, add a constructor parameter named after that field and with the same type as that field.
See <<mapping-projection-inner-inference>> for more information on how constructor parameters should be defined.
+
Alternatively, the field projection can be configured explicitly with <<search-dsl-projection-field-mapping,`@FieldProjection`>>.
<4> To project on an object field, add a constructor parameter named after that field and with its own custom projection type.
Multivalued projections <<mapping-projection-inner-inference-type,must be modeled as a `List<...>`>> or supertype.
+
Alternatively, the object projection can be configured explicitly with <<search-dsl-projection-object-mapping,`@ObjectProjection`>>.

> <5> Annotate any custom projection type used for object fields with `@ProjectionConstructor` as well.

Author: Well that's just an inner class that happens to be a record, with the record syntax...

I suppose I could move this to another file, but on the other hand I expect people will often define records that are only used in the surrounding record, for example for DTOs. In which case this structure makes sense and is actually practical...

You can map projection constructors through the <<mapping-programmatic,programmatic mapping>> too.
Behavior and options are identical to annotation-based mapping.

.Mapping the main projection constructor with `.projectionConstructor()` and `.projection(<binder>)`
====
[source, JAVA, indent=0]
----
include::{sourcedirJava17}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/mapper/orm/projection/ProjectionConstructorMappingJava17IT.java[tags=programmatic-mainConstructor]
----
<1> Mark the constructor as a projection constructor.

> <2> Instead of <<mapping-projection-inner-explicit,explicit projection annotations>>,

Author: Right. Changed to:

```suggestion
<2> The equivalent to <<mapping-projection-inner-explicit,explicit projection annotations>>,
is to pass <<binding-projection,projection binder>> instances:
there is a built-in projection binder for every built-in projection annotation.
```
